README.md, before:



## TBD


### Things to implement/code
* Add scaffold cluster model at synaptic submembrane

======

### Things to analyze
* Time the mean spine escape latency for particles with a starting origin at the synapse (top of spine)


======
## Notes
Make sure Matplotlib, Numpy, etc. are up to date on Mac OS X
so we can properly do animations in 3D:

http://www.tapir.caltech.edu/~dtsang/python.html

Using `dolfin`:

http://fenicsproject.org/download/

Need to:
$ source /Applications/FEniCS.app/Contents/Resources/share/fenics/fenics.conf

```
pip install networkx
```


## Web Resources
* [djhbrm github.io site](http://subroutines.github.io/djhbrm/)
* [neuroml.org - neuron model/mesh library](http://www.neuroml.org/tool_support.php)
* [mcell.psc.edu - mcell diffusion software](http://www.mcell.psc.edu/tutorials/ficks_laws.html)
* [mcell on github](https://github.com/mcellteam/cellblender_tutorials)
* [mmbios.org - National Center for Multiscale Modeling of Biological Systems](http://mmbios.org/index.php/software)
* [ppm.org - particle mesh library](http://www.ppm-library.org/)
* [Max Plank Mosaic Group (creators of PPM)](http://mosaic.mpi-cbg.de/?q=research/gallery)
* [Brownian motion simulation basics](http://www.advancedlab.org/mediawiki/index.php/Simulating_Brownian_Motion)
* [Shouval cluster model article](http://www.pnas.org/content/102/40/14440.full)
* [Computational Geometry Algorithm Library](http://www.cgal.org/)
* [Kinetic Monte Carlo Simulations](http://www.roentzsch.org/SurfDiff/index.html)
* [Unified Form-assembly Code (UFC) User Manual][1]
* [Q&A about deterministic face indices][2]

[1]: http://fenicsproject.org/pub/documents/ufc/ufc-user-manual/ufc-user-manual.pdf
[2]: http://fenicsproject.org/qa/3233/are-face-and-other-indexes-deterministic


## Media
#### Diffusion to steadystate
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/steadystate.mov" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/steadystate.png" 
alt="Video on diffusion to steadystate" width="400" border="10" /></a>


#### Example animation rendered from "particle_diffusion_on_mesh.py"
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/3dDiffusion.html" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/3dDiffusion.png" 
alt="3d Diffusion Animation in dolfin" width="400" border="10" /></a>


#### Example rendering dynamic actin network from "bran_actin_geo_xyz.spi"
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid8/RenderActin.mp4" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid8/SPiMactin.png" 
alt="3d actin network" width="400" border="10" /></a>

Commit message:

Dendritic surface diffusion (on 3D mesh)
Added anime

README.md, after:



## TBD


### Things to implement/code
* Add scaffold cluster model at synaptic submembrane

======

### Things to analyze
* Time the mean spine escape latency for particles with a starting origin at the synapse (top of spine)


======
## Notes
Make sure Matplotlib, Numpy, etc. are up to date on Mac OS X
so we can properly do animations in 3D:

http://www.tapir.caltech.edu/~dtsang/python.html

Using `dolfin`:

http://fenicsproject.org/download/

Need to:
$ source /Applications/FEniCS.app/Contents/Resources/share/fenics/fenics.conf

```
pip install networkx
```


## Web Resources
* [djhbrm github.io site](http://subroutines.github.io/djhbrm/)
* [neuroml.org - neuron model/mesh library](http://www.neuroml.org/tool_support.php)
* [mcell.psc.edu - mcell diffusion software](http://www.mcell.psc.edu/tutorials/ficks_laws.html)
* [mcell on github](https://github.com/mcellteam/cellblender_tutorials)
* [mmbios.org - National Center for Multiscale Modeling of Biological Systems](http://mmbios.org/index.php/software)
* [ppm.org - particle mesh library](http://www.ppm-library.org/)
* [Max Plank Mosaic Group (creators of PPM)](http://mosaic.mpi-cbg.de/?q=research/gallery)
* [Brownian motion simulation basics](http://www.advancedlab.org/mediawiki/index.php/Simulating_Brownian_Motion)
* [Shouval cluster model article](http://www.pnas.org/content/102/40/14440.full)
* [Computational Geometry Algorithm Library](http://www.cgal.org/)
* [Kinetic Monte Carlo Simulations](http://www.roentzsch.org/SurfDiff/index.html)
* [Unified Form-assembly Code (UFC) User Manual][1]
* [Q&A about deterministic face indices][2]

[1]: http://fenicsproject.org/pub/documents/ufc/ufc-user-manual/ufc-user-manual.pdf
[2]: http://fenicsproject.org/qa/3233/are-face-and-other-indexes-deterministic


## Media
#### Diffusion to steadystate
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/steadystate.mov" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/steadystate.png" 
alt="Video on diffusion to steadystate" width="400" border="10" /></a>


#### Example animation rendered from "particle_diffusion_on_mesh.py"
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/3dDiffusion.html" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid6/3dDiffusion.png" 
alt="3d Diffusion Animation in dolfin" width="400" border="10" /></a>


#### Dendritic surface diffusion (on 3D mesh) from "particle_diffusion_on_mesh.py"
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid9/Dendritic_Diffusion_3D.mp4" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid9/Dendritic_Diffusion_3D.png" 
alt="Dendritic surface diffusion" width="400" border="10" /></a>


#### Example rendering dynamic actin network from "bran_actin_geo_xyz.spi"
<a href="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid8/RenderActin.mp4" target="_blank"><img src="http://bradleymonk.com/media/vid8/SPiMactin.png" 
alt="3d actin network" width="400" border="10" /></a>
